# Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services and websites offered by Narrable, LLC ("Narrable").  This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that Narrable does not own or control, or to individuals that Narrable does not employ or manage.  By visiting the Narrable website, you are accepting the practices outlined in this policy.  If you have any questions about this policy, please feel free to contact Narrable through its website, email privacy@narrable.com or write to:

Narrable - Privacy Matters
5100 E Skelly Drive, Suite 1040
Tulsa, OK 74135

## Information Collected by Narrable
Narrable collects information that it believes relevant to providing and improving Narrable's services and websites, including information necessary to provide you with a customized and efficient experience. The types of information Narrable may collect include:

1. Information You Provide - Narrable receives and may store any information you enter on the Narrable website, email or provide to Narrable in any other way, including personally identifiable information, photographs, audio files, narrables and other user-submitted content. You can choose not to provide Narrable with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of Narrable's special features.  For example, to use certain Narrable services you must open a registered account with Narrable. As part of the registration process, Narrable requires personally identifiable information. 
2. Automatic Information - Narrable and its authorized agents automatically receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with Narrable, including "traffic data" such as your IP address, Narrable cookie information, and the page you requested. Narrable uses automatic information (a) in connection with operation of the Narrable website and services and (b) in any manner Narrable determines appropriate provided that your information is aggregated with other data and no longer contains any personally identifiable information.
  * Narrable may collect and, on any page, display the total counts that page has been viewed. This includes User Profile pages.
  * Many companies offer programs that help you to visit websites anonymously. While Narrable will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these programs are available.
3. E-mail Communications - Narrable is very concerned about your privacy and we will never knowingly provide your email address to a third party without your explicit permission. Narrable may send out e-mails with Narrable-related news, products, offers, surveys or promotions. You may also receive notification e-mails from Narrable, which inform you of actions (e.g. friend requests) that have been performed on the site. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, follow the instructions contained in the unwanted e-mail message. However, please note that in all cases you will continue to receive all system e-mails (e.g. those regarding forgotten user passwords) and legal notices from us.
4. Cookies - Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our website are visited and by how many people.   The "help" portion of the toolbar on the majority of browsers will direct you on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to command the browser to tell you when you receive a new cookie, or how to fully disable cookies. We recommend that you leave the cookies activated because cookies allow you to use some of Narrable's coolest features. Some of our business partners, like our advertisers, may use cookies on our website. We have no access to, or control over, these cookies.
5. Other Sites - The Narrable site contains links to other sites.  Narrable is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. Narrable encourages you to be aware when leaving the Narrable site and to read the privacy statements of every website that collects Your personally identifiable information.  This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by Narrable.

## Sharing your Information
Because Narrable enables people to discover and share information with one another, information about the people who use Narrable is an integral part of the Narrable experience. Rest assured that we neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone and that we will share your personal information only as described below.

1. Narrable Personnel - Narrable personnel and authorized consultants and/or contractors may have access to user information if necessary in the normal course of Narrable business. Examples include providing marketing assistance, providing customer service, sending emails to You, calling you to record audio files for narrables, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, and providing You the option of sharing information about Narrable on social networks.
2. Business Transfers - In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if Narrable, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred.  Also, in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy, information may be transferred to a bankruptcy trustee or debtor in possession and then to a subsequent purchaser.
3. Protection of Narrable and Others - We may release personal information when we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service or other Narrable legal agreement, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Narrable, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
4. Your Narrable and other Account Overview Information - Information collected during registration and subsequent visits, such as your full name, photo and email address, as well as any narrables submitted by you, may be displayed to other Narrable users. Please note that once you post a narrable, there is no mechanism to keep the link to the narrable private.  Should anyone be forwarded the link (whether by you or someone else) or otherwise gain access to the link, that individual will be able to read your narrable until it is removed from the posted location.
5. Non-Personal Information with Partners - Narrable shares non-personal information with advertisers, service providers, and other persons with whom it conducts business.  Similarly, these advertisers, service providers, and other persons may share with Narrable non-personal information about uou that they have independently gathered or acquired.
6. With Your Consent - Except as noted above, we will contact you when your personal information is shared with third parties or used for a purpose incompatible with the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected, and you will be able to opt out to prevent the sharing of this information.

## Your Responsibility to Keep Your Account Information and Your Narrable Links Secure
Your Narrable account information is protected by a password for your privacy and security. Protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer by logging off once you have finished using a shared computer. 

**Should you release a narrable, the narrable will be posted to a public (unsecure) website located at the link provided to you. Please be careful when sharing this link, as anyone receiving the link (whether from you or forwarded by others) will be able to access your narrable until it is removed from the posted location.**

##Accessing and Updating Your Information
When you use Narrable's services, Narrable makes good faith efforts to provide you with access to your information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes.  Narrable asks individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where Narrable provides information access and correction, Narrable performs this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Because of the way Narrable maintain certain services, after you delete your information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from Narrable's active servers and may remain in backup systems. 

**PLEASE NOTE THAT YOU MAY AT ANY TIME REMOVE YOUR OWN NARRABLES FROM PUBLIC POSTING SIMPLY BY LOGGING INTO YOUR NARRABLE ACCOUNT AND ACCESSING THE APPLICABLE NARRABLE MENU.  BUT, ONCE YOU DELETE THE NARRABLE, IT WILL BE LOST AND NARRABLE WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH A COPY.**

## Narrable's Security and Retention Practices
Narrable takes appropriate, commercially reasonable security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of your data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where Narrable stores personal data. Narrable restricts access to your personal information to Narrable employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.  However, neither people nor security systems are foolproof, including encryption systems. In addition, people can commit intentional crimes, make mistakes, or fail to follow policies.  Therefore, while Narrable uses commercially reasonable efforts to protect your information, Narrable cannot guarantee its absolute security.  If applicable law imposes any non-disclaimable duty to protect your data, you agree that intentional misconduct will be the standards used to measure compliance with that duty.

Narrable retains information for as long as required, allowed or Narrable believes it is useful, but does not undertake retention obligations.  Narrable may dispose of information in Narrable's sole discretion without notice, subject to applicable law that specifically requires the handling or retention of information. You must keep your own, separate back-up records of your data. 

## Children Under 18 Years of Age
If you are not of legal age to form a binding contract (in many jurisdictions, this age is 18), you may only use Narrable and disclose information to us with your parent’s or guardian’s express consent. Review this Privacy Policy with your parent or guardian and make sure you understand it, and do the same with the privacy policies of all websites you visit or mobile applications you use.

We only collect personal information through Narrable from a child under 13 where that student’s school, district, and/or teacher has agreed (via the terms described in more detail in the [Terms of Service](https://github.com/Narrable/Narrable-Terms-of-Service/blob/master/terms.md) to obtain parental consent for that child to use Narrable and disclose personal information to us, for the use and benefit of the learning environment. If you are a student under 13, please do not send any personal information about yourself to us if your school, district, and/or teacher has not obtained this prior consent from your parent or guardian, and please do not send any personal information other than what we request from you in connection with Narrable. If we learn we have collected personal information from a student under 13 without parental consent being obtained by his or her school, district, and/or teacher, or if we learn a student under 13 has provided us personal information beyond what we request from him or her, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a student under 13 may have provided us personal information in violation of this paragraph, please contact us at privacy@narrable.com.

When we use the term "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy, we are referring to personally identifiable information of individual, non-student registrants of Narrable. References to "Children's Personal Information" only apply to personally identifiable information of users who have registered for Narrable as minor students (i.e., students under the age of 18). General references to "information" apply to all users.

If you are a student registrant and your parent or guardian has signed up for Narrable with an Access Code provided by your teacher, you understand that your parent or guardian can view all information within or associated with your Narrable account, including, without limitation, messages between you and your teacher and grades you received on assignments.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy
Narrable may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, at its sole discretion. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Narrable website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances if any, it is disclosed.

## Conditions of Use
If you decide to visit Narrable website, your visit and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages and application of Oklahoma law.
