# Terms of Service

The web pages available at Narrable.com and all linked pages (“Site”), are owned and operated by Narrable, LLC (“Narrable”), an Oklahoma limited liability company. All access to the Site is subject to the Terms of Service ("Terms") described here.

Please read the Terms carefully before using the Site. By accessing the Site, viewing any content or using any services available on the Site (as defined below), you are agreeing to be bound by the Terms, which together with our  [Privacy Policy](https://github.com/Narrable/Narrable-Terms-of-Service/blob/master/privacy.md), governs our relationship with you in relation to the site. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the site.

## Description of Service
Your access to and use of the Site may be interrupted from time to time as a result of equipment malfunction, updating, maintenance or repair of the Site or any other reason within or outside the control of Narrable. Narrable reserves the right to suspend or discontinue the availability of the Site and/or any Service and/or remove any Content at any time at its sole discretion and without prior notice. Narrable may also impose limits on certain features and Services or restrict your access to parts of or all of the Site and the Services without notice or liability. The Site should not be used or relied upon for storage of your photographs and images and you are directed to retain your own copies of all content posted on the Site.

## Registration
As a condition to using Services, you are required to open an account with Narrable and select a password and username, and to provide registration information. The registration information you provide must be accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your Narrable account.

You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trade mark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you without appropriate authorization, or a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene.

You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and are solely responsible for all activities resulting from the use of your password and conducted through your Narrable account.

## Teacher Accounts
Narrable will provide you with access to a Teacher Account, provided that you (1) provide any necessary information about you and/or your company or organization when registering the Account and (2) accept the Terms. Using your Teacher Account, you may create invitations for Student Accounts by generating invite codes that you may provide to your Students. You will be responsible for any activities, including any violation of the Terms, that occur under Student Accounts created using your Teacher Account.

## Student Accounts
To create an Account, you must (1) be provided with access to an account invite code by a Teacher, (2) provide us with any Registration Data requested in the registration form, and (3) accept the Terms.

## COPPA
The Children's Online Privacy and Protection Act ("COPPA") requires that online service providers obtain parental consent before they collect personally identifiable information online from children who are under 13. Therefore, we only collect personal information through Narrable from a child under 13 where that student's school, district, and/or teacher has agreed (via the terms described in the following paragraph) to obtain parental consent for that child to use Narrable and disclose personal information to us, for the use and benefit of the learning environment. If you are a student under 13, please do not send any personal information about yourself to us if your school, district, and/or teacher has not obtained this prior consent from your parent or guardian, and please do not send any personal information other than what we request from you in connection with the Services. If we learn we have collected personal information from a student under 13 without parental consent being obtained by his or her school, district, and/or teacher, or if we learn a student under 13 has provided us personal information beyond what we request from him or her, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a student under 13 may have provided us personal information in violation of this paragraph, please contact us at info@narrable.com.

If you are a school, district, or teacher, you represent and warrant that you are solely responsible for complying with COPPA, meaning that you must obtain advance written consent from all parents or guardians whose children under 13 will be accessing Narrable. When obtaining consent, you must provide parents and guardians with our Privacy Policy. You must keep all consents on file and provide them to us if we request them. If you are a teacher, you represent and warrant that you have permission and authorization from your school and/or district to use Narrable as part of your curriculum, and for purposes of COPPA compliance, you represent and warrant that you are entering into these Terms on behalf of your school and/or district.

## Teacher Obligations

  * You are solely responsible for ensuring that you and your company or organization are compliant with all laws and regulations related to disclosing to Narrable the personal information of the Students you invite to create Accounts. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you represent and warrant, that you have provided the necessary notice and obtained the appropriate consents from the Students, or from the parents of the Student if such Student is younger than 18, as required to make such disclosure to Narrable and grant the following license. You, on behalf of your company or organization, grant, or your company or organization grants, to Narrable a nonexclusive license to view, download, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, distribute, and display information you submit about Students solely for the purposes of (a) providing the Service and (b) creating, using, and disclosing de-identified and/or aggregated information about Students.
  * As a part of the Teacher Account creation process, you will be asked (a) whether you will be providing your Course to Students under 13, and (b) whether you are a teacher or administrator at a school (for example, a K-6 public elementary school). You will only be permitted to provide a Course to Students under 13 if you are a teacher or administrator at a school. If you use the Services to provide a Course to Students under 13, you represent and warrant that (a) you are a teacher or administrator at a school and (b) that you have accurately identified such school in your Registration Data.

## User Conduct
All Content posted or otherwise submitted to the Site is the sole responsibility of the account holder from which such Content originates and you acknowledge and agree that you, and not Narrable are entirely responsible for all Content that you post, or otherwise submit to the Site. Narrable does not control user submitted Content and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Site you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable.
As a condition of use, you promise not to use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms, or any other purpose not reasonably intended by Narrable. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree not to use the Services:

1. To abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate any person;
2. To post or transmit, or cause to be posted or transmitted, any Content that is libellous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, abusive, offensive, profane, or that infringes any copyright or other right of any person;
3. For any purpose (including posting or viewing Content) that is not permitted under the laws of the jurisdiction where you use the Services;
4. To post or transmit, or cause to be posted or transmitted, any communication or solicitation designed or intended to obtain password, account, or private information from any Narrable user;
5. To create or transmit unwanted ‘spam’ to any person or any URL
6. To create multiple accounts for the purpose of voting for or against users’ photographs or images;
7. To post copyrighted Content which doesn’t belong to you, with exception of Blogs, where you may post such Content with explicit mention of the author’s name and a link to the source of the Content;
8. With the exception of accessing RSS feeds, you will not use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Site for any purpose without our express written permission. Additionally, you agree that you will not: (i) take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (ii) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any activities conducted on the Site; or (iii) bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Site;
9. To artificially inﬂate or alter vote counts, blog counts, comments, or any other Service or for the purpose of giving or receiving money or other compensation in exchange for votes, or for participating in any other organized effort that in any way artificially alters the results of Services;
10. To advertise to, or solicit, any user to buy or sell any products or services, or to use any information obtained from the Services in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any user without their prior explicit consent;
11. To promote or sell Content of another person
12. To sell or otherwise transfer your profile.

To report a suspected abuse of the Site or a breach of the Terms (other than relating to copyright infringement which is addressed under “COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS” below) please send written notice to Narrable at email: [support@Narrable.com](mailto:support@narrable.com).

You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the Site. Narrable reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other users.

## Content Submitted or Made Available for Inclusion on the Service
Please read this section carefully before posting, uploading, or otherwise submitting any Content to the site. By submitting content to the site you are granting Narrable a worldwide, Non exclusive license to use the content and are representing and warranting to Narrable that the content is owned or duly licensed by you, and that Narrable is free to publish, Distribute and use the content as hereinafter provided for without obtaining permission Or license from any third party.

In consideration of Narrable’s agreement to allow you to post Content to the Site and Narrable’s agreement to publish such Content and for other valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby expressly and irrevocably acknowledged, you agree with Narrable as follows:

1. You acknowledge that:
  1. By uploading your photographic, graphic or audio works to Narrable you retain full rights to those works that you had prior to uploading.
  2. By posting Content to the Site you hereby grant to Narrable a non-exclusive, transferable, fully paid, worldwide license (with the right to sublicense) to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content in connection with the Services. This license will exist for the period during which the Content is posted on the Site and will automatically terminate upon the removal of the Content from the Site;
  3. The license granted to Narrable includes the right to use your Content fully or partially for promotional reasons and to distribute and redistribute your Content to other parties, web-sites, applications, and other entities, provided such Content is attributed to you in accordance with the credits (i.e. username, profile picture, photo title, descriptions, tags, and other accompanying information) if any and as appropriate, all as submitted to Narrable by you;
  4. Narrable uses industry recognized software and measures to restrict the ability of users and visitors to the Site to make high resolution copies of Content posted on the Site. Notwithstanding this, Narrable makes no representation and warranty that Content posted on the Site will not be unlawfully copied without your consent. Narrable does not restrict the ability of users and visitors to the Site to make low resolution or ‘thumbnail’ copies of Content posted on the Site and you hereby expressly authorize Narrable to permit users and visitors to the Site to make such low resolution copies of your Content; and
  5. Subject to the terms of the foregoing license, you retain full ownership or other rights in your Content and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with your Content.
2. You represent and warrant that: 
  1. You are the owner of all rights, including all copy rights in and to all Content you submit to the site;
  2. You have the full and complete right to enter into this agreement and to grant to Narrable the rights in the Content herein granted, and that no further permissions are required from, nor payments required to be made to any other person in connection with the use by Narrable of the Content as contemplated herein; and
  3. The Content does not defame any person and does not infringe upon the copyright, moral rights, publicity rights, privacy rights or any other right of any person, or violate any law or judicial or governmental order.
3. You shall not have any right to terminate the permissions granted herein, nor to seek, obtain, or enforce any injunctive or other equitable relief against Narrable, all of which such rights are hereby expressly and irrevocably waived by you in favor of Narrable.

## Premium Services
Narrable provides premium services to holders of its ‘Teacher’ and 'Site License' ("premium") accounts. In addition to the general terms and conditions provided for by these Terms, the following terms and conditions apply specifically to premium account holders:

1. Services available to premium account holders are described on the account Upgrade page . Any feature that is not described on the account Upgrade page cannot be grounds for refund of an premium account.
2. Narrable may modify, suspend or discontinue Services provided to premium account holders at any time at its sole discretion and without prior notice.

## Copyright Complaints
Narrable respects the intellectual property rights of others. It is our policy to respond promptly any claim that Content posted on the Site infringes the copyright or other intellectual property infringement (“Infringement”) of any person. Narrable will use reasonable efforts to investigate notices of alleged Infringement and will take appropriate action under applicable intellectual property law and these Terms where it believes an Infringement has taken place, including removing or disabling access to the Content claimed to be infringing and/or terminating accounts and access to the Site.

To notify Narrable of a possible Infringement you must submit your notice in writing to the attention of “Copyright Infringement” care of copyright@narrable.com and include in your notice a detailed description of the alleged Infringement sufficient to enable Narrable to make a reasonable determination. Please note that you may be held accountable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) for misrepresenting that any Content is infringing your copyright.

If we remove or disable access to Content in response to a notice of Infringement, we will make reasonable attempts to contact the user who posted the affected Content. If you feel that your Content is not infringing, you may provide Narrable with a counter notice in writing to the attention of “Copyright Infringement Counter Notification” at copyright@narrable.com. You must include in your counter notice sufficient information to enable Narrable to make a reasonable determination. Please note that you may be held accountable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that your Content is not infringing the copyrights of others.

If you are uncertain whether an activity constitutes Infringement, we recommended seeking advice of an attorney.

## Links
The Services may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. Because Narrable has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that Narrable is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Narrable shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.

## Release and Liability
You hereby expressly and irrevocably release and forever discharge Narrable, its affiliated and associated companies, and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, independent and dependent contractors, licensees, successors and assigns of and from any and all actions, causes of action, suits, proceedings, liability, debts, judgments, claims and demands whatsoever in law or equity which you ever had, now have, or hereafter can, shall or may have, for or by reason of, or arising directly or indirectly out of your use of the Site and the Services.

You hereby agree to indemnify and hold harmless Narrable, its affiliated and associated companies, and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, independent and dependent contractors, licensees, successors and assigns from and against all claims, losses, expenses, damages and costs (including, but not limited to, direct, incidental, consequential, exemplary and indirect damages), and reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from or arising out of (i) a breach of these Terms, (ii) Content posted on the Site, (iii) the use of the Services, by you or any person using your account or Narrable Username and password, (iv) the sale or use of your Store Images, or (v) any violation of any rights of a third party.

## Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Narrable be liable under contract, tort, strict liability, negligence or other Legal theory with respect to the site, the service or any content (i) for any lost profits or Special, indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages of any kind whatsoever, (ii) To provide substitute goods or services (however arising), or (iii) for any direct damages in Excess of (in the aggregate) $100.

## Trademarks
Narrable, Narrable.com and other Narrable graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are registered trademarks, trademarks or trade dress of Narrable. Narrable’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Narrable.

## Termination
Narrable may terminate or suspend any and all Services and/or your Narrable account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms. Upon termination of your account, your right to use the Services will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your Narrable account, you may simply discontinue using the Services. All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

It is your responsibility to remove all Content from your account prior to termination. Upon termination of your account Narrable will automatically remove all Content posted to your account.

## Change
Narrable reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace the terms at any time. If the alterations constitute a material change to the terms, Narrable will notify you by posting an announcement on the site. What constitutes a material change will be determined at Narrable’s sole discretion. You shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications. Using any service or viewing any content following notification of a material change to the terms shall constitute your acceptance of the Terms as modified.

## Miscellaneous
No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of the Terms and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Narrable in any respect whatsoever. The failure of either party to exercise in any respect any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. Narrable shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond Narrable’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation (including "line-noise" interference). If any provision of the Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. Narrable may transfer, assign or delegate the Terms and its rights and obligations without consent. The Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Oklahoma, as if made within Oklahoma between two residents thereof, and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of Oklahoma courts. Both parties agree that the Terms is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of the Terms, and that all modifications must be in a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein.
